Now that our frames are rendered out let's look at how we can export those out to a single quick time
movie to do that we need to go over here to the video editing screen layout.
And when we do that we get this screen here this window down here is our video sequence editor and this
will allow us to drop our image sequence on the timeline as if it's a single movie clip and then we'll
be able to export it out to quick time.
So what I should do is come down here to add and choose image because we're choosing an image sequence.
I'm going to browse to my project folder and go to that rendered frames folder.
And here are all the rendered frames from zero all the way to 310.
So I'll just press the A key to select them all and choose add image Strip and there is our movie.
Now I'm going to zoom in just a little bit here so we can see this.
So if I hit play there's our movie now it's running a little slow right now but it'll cache and play
quicker the next time we play it.
I'm going to zoom in a bit by dragging this bar over here just a bit so I can see the whole thing.
So this is our clip.
This is our rendered movie and we could export this out the way it is.
But what I've done is I've added a little bit of fade to white as the spotlight comes around right about
here I've faded to white.
So let's do that maybe right around in here is when the fade would begin sort of do that.
I'm going to come over here to add effects strip and I'll choose a color
and that pops in right at where the cursor is.
But I want to change this from black to white.
So if I scroll down here I can change this.
And we go now what I'd like to do is to crossfade from the clip to the white.
So when I select the clip and shift select the white color strip and then I'm going to come back to
add effect and cross.
And that adds a crossfade there at that point.
So now it's going to fade into white one thing I should also do is kind of increase the frame length
of my movie here.
And so I'll expand this out and I want to extend this out to three sixty.
So I'm just going to select this little end of the strip and you can see it says 320.
There are press g and then drag and move this out to 360.
And there we go.
So now if I go back to the beginning and press play now we're playing at 24 frames per second
and we can see a crossfade.
All right so now let's go ahead and export it out to a movie file.
I'm going to click on this little tab here and drag it so I can open up a new window because what I
want is that properties panel that the render settings are on.
So I come up here to properties and in this window we need to scroll down so into the output section
I'm going to click on the browse button here eyebrows to the main portion of my project folder and here's
where I'll drop my rendered movie so I'll just call this final render and I'll click accept.
Now I want to make sure that my start and in frame are correct.
So I've got it from 1 to 360.
If I scroll down here I need to change my output type from PMG to quick time and I need to change the
video codec from j peg to h to 6 for and I'm going to go ahead and increase the quality up to 100 percent.
Now if I scroll back up and click on animation
it'll render out my final movie.